README.md, before:

# YOUTUBE WAVES


Things to implement:
- Proper branching for all of our features
- uh
- yeah...
- audio clips ofc ofc

## SAM		As a user, I can like/dislike content and see views counts 
		Create basic feature 
		Ability to like or dislike on comments 
		Ability to see the amount of views 
		Ability to reply to a comment to a comment or audio 
		Review & check-in
		Document
## TRISHA	As a user, I see a home page with a feed of audio clips, a search bar, a naviagation menu, and my profile icon.	
		Create main webpage with design for main feed, search bar, profile icon, and navigation menu
        Create navigation menu upon click of navigation menu icon
        Create functionality to access profile on click of profile icon
        Design and implement in HTML the layout of audio clips on Home Page

        Working with HTML, Javascript, and PHP for functional ity and deisgn
## CALVIN	As a user, I can view any user’s profile information and clips on one page	
		Create a profile page wireframe
		Implement UI design + dev
		Get info from backend
		Review & check-in
		Document
## HOLDEN	As a user, I can login to my account from anywhere	
		Create Database Schema
		Create Login Page
		Implement Sessions/Cookies
		Review & check-in
		Document

Commit message:

Fixed some paths used in files that were moved. The php scripts now exist outside of the server's root.

README.md, after:

# YOUTUBE WAVES

## How to run
-   Set up the following file structure
    - includes/
        - scripts.php
    - root/ (the web server's root directory)
        - everything in root



Things to implement:
- Proper branching for all of our features
- uh
- yeah...
- audio clips ofc ofc

## SAM		As a user, I can like/dislike content and see views counts 
		Create basic feature 
		Ability to like or dislike on comments 
		Ability to see the amount of views 
		Ability to reply to a comment to a comment or audio 
		Review & check-in
		Document
## TRISHA	As a user, I see a home page with a feed of audio clips, a search bar, a naviagation menu, and my profile icon.	
		Create main webpage with design for main feed, search bar, profile icon, and navigation menu
        Create navigation menu upon click of navigation menu icon
        Create functionality to access profile on click of profile icon
        Design and implement in HTML the layout of audio clips on Home Page

        Working with HTML, Javascript, and PHP for functional ity and deisgn
## CALVIN	As a user, I can view any user’s profile information and clips on one page	
		Create a profile page wireframe
		Implement UI design + dev
		Get info from backend
		Review & check-in
		Document
## HOLDEN	As a user, I can login to my account from anywhere	
		Create Database Schema
		Create Login Page
		Implement Sessions/Cookies
		Review & check-in
		Document
